System Boundaries (#51)
dimitritsampiras/olympian: docs/HazardAnalysis/HazardAnalysis.tex

	\section{Scope and Purpose of Hazard Analysis}
	
	\section{System Boundaries and Components}

	The system upon which the Hazard Analysis will be performed on consists of the following components:

	\begin{enumerate}
		\item The Olympian mobile application, which is composed of a front-end interface served by a back-end server, supports the following major functionalities: 
		\begin{enumerate}
			\item Profile Creation
			\item Workout Routine Creation
			\item Workout Routine Discovery and Browsing
			\item Workout Routine Reviewing
			\item Goal Progress Tracking
		\end{enumerate}

		\item The physical Android or iOS mobile device.

		\item The AWS Redshift Database where relational user information is stored.

	\end{enumerate}
	Although integral to the system, the physical mobile device and Redshift Database availability are not under the control of Parnas' Pals.

>     The physical phone is manufactured by a third party company, and operated by the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The physical mobile device is manufactured by a third party company, and operated by the user. 
```
